fix(apm summary page): added summary tiles (#13904)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/manage-apm-agents/agent-data/triage-run-diagnostics.mdx

    id="issues"
    title="Issues"
  >

<img
    title="issues summary tile "
    alt="A screenshot depicting the issues summary tile"
    src={apmIssuesSummaryTile}
/>

An important way to track unusual behavior in your system is through alerts. Let's say  you want to know when the transaction error rate for `Checkout-service` exceeds 10%. You'd create an [alert condition](/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/get-started/your-first-nrql-condition/) and set the rules that will trigger an incident. One or more incidents creates an issue. This tile will display any issues in your service.

In this example, you've already set up your alert conditions so when you scan your summary tiles you immediately see that your system has 2 critical issues. Click the tile for details.

</Collapser>

<Collapser
    id="deployments"
    title="Last deployment"
  >

<img
    title="deployment summary tile"
    alt="A screenshot showing the deployment summary tile"
    src={apmDeploymentSummaryTile}
/>
Deployment markers help you monitor the results of every update you make to your service. This tile shows the change in error rate and response time triggered by your last deployment.

> Starting 15 minutes after a deployment, this tile will display a comparison between data collected before the deployment and after. For the first 3 hours after a deployment, this tile will only display a comparison of time of passed since enablement matched with the corresponding time before enablement. For example, if you enabled a new feature 45 minutes ago, this tile will show a comparison between the 45 minutes before and 45 minutes after. After three hours, the tile uses the standard 3-hour comparison.

Reviewer: > For the first 3 hours after a deployment, this tile will only display a comparison of time of passed since enablement matched with the corresponding time before enablement. 

This one is minor, but I'd rework this sentence a bit. It makes sense after I read the explanation that follows it, but I reread this like five times because I didn't understand only for it to make sense instantly when I read the next sentence.

Author: Lol yes, @bradleycamacho this took forever to work out and it looks like I still didn't nail it!

For a custom time range, click on the tile to go to the main deployments page and use the time picker there

> For this example, [your last deployment](/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/events/record-deployments/) triggered a 27% spike in error rate and a 5% increase in response time. Click the tile to view your last deployment. 

Reviewer: Same comment as above - hanging thread here

</Collapser>

<Collapser
    id="service-levels"
    title="Service levels"
  >

<img
    title="service levels tile"
    alt="A screenshot depicting the service levels summary tile"
    src={apmApmServiceLevelsSummaryTile}
/>

Service levels are used to measure the performance of a service from the end user's point of view. When a service level's error budget is exceeded, you'll see these violation types:

  * **Non-compliant** means you've consumed all of the error budget for this period. So be careful if you need to deploy, and plan some work to improve your SLs.
  * **At risk** means your error budget is nearly consumed, and you should be more cautious for the rest of the period.

> For this example, you have already [configured your service levels](/docs/service-level-management/intro-slm/) and you have exceeded your error budget in two instances. Click the tile for details. 

Reviewer: Again, hanging thread here

</Collapser>

<Collapser
    id="vulnerabilities"
    title="Vulnerabilities"
  >
<img
    title="vulnerabilities summary tile"
    alt="A screenshot depicting the apm vulnerabilities summary tile"
    src={apmApmVulnerabilitiesTile}
/>

> Vulnerability Management provides a birds-eye view of all your software's vulnerabilities. Each of your integrated agents or services, like Java, .Net or Github [Dependabot](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/github-dependabot)will automatically funnel known vulnerabilities to New Relic to track. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vulnerability Management provides a birds-eye view of all your software's vulnerabilities. Each of your integrated agents or services, like Java, .Net or Github [Dependabot](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/github-dependabot) will automatically send known vulnerabilities to New Relic. 
```

> Here you can see that you've enabled [Vulnerability Management](/docs/vulnerability-management/overview/) have 3 `Critical` and 9 `High` vulnerabilities detected for your monitored service. Click the tile for details.

Reviewer: Looks like this is missing an `and`

> Here you can see that you've enabled [Vulnerability Management](/docs/vulnerability-management/overview/) have 3 `Critical` and 9 `High` vulnerabilities detected for your monitored service. Click the tile for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can see that you've enabled [Vulnerability Management](/docs/vulnerability-management/overview/) have 3 `Critical` and 9 `High` vulnerabilities detected in your monitored service. Click the tile for details.
```

> Here you can see that you've enabled [Vulnerability Management](/docs/vulnerability-management/overview/) have 3 `Critical` and 9 `High` vulnerabilities detected for your monitored service. Click the tile for details.

Reviewer: Hanging thread

To figure out why customers can't click the `Pay Now` button, open APM and select your `Checkout-service`. 

> 

Reviewer 2: Just a copy note: we drop the `-` in any e-word, i.e. ecommerce, email, esports, ebook, etc

Reviewer 2: (does not escape me that we use a hyphen in `e-word` despite not using the `-` for the words themselves
